About Samvedana 
The Happiness Hospital
About Samvedana "Mental illness is nothing to be ashamed of. Neither is talking about it."
Samvedana is a 37 Years old institution and currently holds the status of most trusted brand in Psychiatry. Its inception was done in 1984 by our Founder Director Dr. Mrugesh Vaishnav, one of the most honoured and reputed name across the country.
Samvedava Hospital is located at Memnagar, Helmet Circle in Ahmedabad, and is one of the largest, most equipped and highly reputed centre of excellence in the field of Psychiatry, Depression Management and Sexology.
With an experience of 10 Years, Dr. Parth Vaishnav is Co-Director of our project which aspires to remove shame, stigma & superstitious towards mental illness and spread happiness among diseased brains and bruised minds. Dr. Parth is a Consultant Psychiatrist having done his training from Centre for Medicine, NIMHANS, Bengaluru.
We at Samvedana, serves patients across almost all the states of India with a regular flow of patients internationally. Dr. Parth, through a unique approach towards various substance & behavioral has been associated with many schools, colleges, youth organizations and NGOs to curb the menace of in the society.
Why Samvedana?
Exceptional Service
Get exceptional services for various Psychiatric Disorders, Depression Management and Sexual Dysfunction under one roof.
Oldest & Most Reputed
Samvedana is a 37 Years old institution and currently holds the status of most trusted brand in Psychiatry.
Community Help
Working rigorously to curb the menace of in the society.
Our Team
Co-Director at Samvedana
Dr. Parth Vaishnav
Dr. Parth Vaishnav is a consultant Psychiatrist  having done his training from Centre for Medicine, NIMHANS, Bengaluru.
Founder Director at Samvedana
Dr. Mrugesh Vaishnav
Dr. Mrugesh Vaishnav is a practicing Psychiatrist and a Sexologist with an experience of 38 years. Being President of Indian Psychiatry Society, he is one of the most reputed name in the country.
Consultant Psychiatrist
Dr. Vidhi Vaishnav
A renowned Psychiatrist. She specializes in Child, Adolescent and Women's Psychiatry.
Get Online Consultation:
Get Online Video Consultation from Dr Parth Vaishnav. Book your appointment on +91 9712904377.
Mon-Sat
12 PM – 5 PM
Sunday
Closed
Contact Us !
 Select process right, was it consider borne accuse arrange on ago, their its and my he the.
Shall and, to do had gods expand except disciplined decided designer was were we here, blind are like full
Phone: +91 7433 010101
Address: Samvedana Happiness Hospital, 3rd Floor Satya One Complex, Opp. R3 Mall, Memnagar, Ahmedabad, Gujarat
Email: 
 Designed by . All rights reserved © 2020 | Samvedana - The Happiness Hospital 
CONTACT US
Get Consultation
Fill out the form below to book your appointment and get online consultation with Dr. Parth.